here this word you cows of Bashan who
are on the mountain of Samaria who
oppressed the poor who crushed the needy
who say to your husbands bring wine let
us drink the Lord God has sworn by His
Holiness the hoenn the day shall come
upon you when he will take you away with
fishhooks and your posterity with
bishops you will go out through broken
walls each one straight ahead of her and
you will be cast into harmon says the
Lord
come to Bethel and transgress at Gilgal
multiply transgression bring your
sacrifices every morning your tithes
every three days offer a sacrifice of
Thanksgiving with level proclaim and
announce the freewill offerings for this
you love you children of Israel also I
gave you cleanness of teeth in all your
cities and lack of bread in all your
places yet you have not returned to me I
also withheld rain from you when there
were still three months to the harvest I
made it rain on one city I withheld rain
from another city one part was rend upon
and where it did not rain the part with
it so two or three cities wandered to
another city to drink water but they
were not satisfied yet you have not
returned to me says the Lord I blasted
you with blight and mildew when your
gardens increased your vineyards your
fig trees and your olive trees the
locust devoured them yet you have not
returned to me says the Lord I sent
among you a plague after the manner of
Egypt your young men I killed with a
sword along with your captive horses
I made the stench of your caps come up
into your nostrils
yet you have not returned to me I
overthrew some of you as God overthrew
Sodom and Gomorrah and you were like a
firebrand
plucked from the burning yet you have
not returned to me therefore thus will I
do to you O Israel because I will do
this to you prepare to meet your God o
Israel for behold he who forms mountains
and creates the wind who declares to man
what his thought is and makes the
morning darkness who treads the high
places of the earth the Lord God of
hosts is his name